## Project 6: Ruby on Rails Project

### 1. Ruby on Rails Tutorial

Complete the first six chapters of part II, "Building an Application", of the textbook (ie chapters 5–10 inclusive).

Everyone in the group should complete this part of the project. Collaboration is permitted and encouraged! You do not need to submit anything for this part of the project, but completing it as soon as possible is highly recommended as it will help in completing the second part (ie the final project, below).

## 2. Final Project
Your team will design, develop, and document a web application using Ruby on Rails for the project idea that was approved by the instructor. Choose project managers playing the same roles as we defined in previous projects, i.e. overall, documentation, and testing. **ALL team members are required to write Ruby/Rails code** that is submitted in the final solution. **All team members are required to write some portion of the controller.** Your solution must have a strong model component with a database that contains multiple tables and relationships between them. Your solution **must be equally partitioned** between the team members (you will indicate this partitioning in your readme file - see below). Your final grade will be based on how well you equally partition this work. In addition, you should use as many technologies and frameworks as you like to help you develop your web application. Though, remember that your solution must be a Rails implementation. You may find that you may want to use some of the technologies and frameworks you learned about in the Tech Task 2 talks. Talk about all of the technologies and frameworks in your Final Project presentation as this will greatly help with receiving a high score on this assignment. Your presentation should describe the features from an end-user perspective, but should focus on the technical details of the design of your application from an implementer's perspective (database schemas, architecture, etc).

Your work (well **documented** and **tested** source code) will be retrieved by the graders from your team's Git repository on Github under the course's organization cse3901-osu-2014au-6447. All team member's work must eventually be merged into a final committed version in the private repository. Provide a readme text file that 1) States your team name and members, 2) Chosen managers, 3) describes the organization and structure of your code, 4) describes how the graders will execute your application, and 5) clearly indicates which team member contributed to each part of the solution (only indicate here work that made it to the final submission). Clearly indicate which team members performed testing and to which portions of the solutions. Providing a short or uninformative readme file will result in considerable point reduction.
